[Docs] fix path config link (#1735)
pokt-network/poktroll: docusaurus/docs/3_protocol/actors/4_path_gateway.md

## Configuration

Configurations and additional documentation related to operating a `PATH Gateway`

> can be found at [path_gateway.md](https://path.grove.city/configs/config_intro).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
can be found at [path_gateway.md](https://path.grove.city/category/path-configurations).
```
